README.md, before:

# Compatibility List API

## Overview

This is an API for for tracking gateways/POS systems that are compatible with Fidelity Payment Services.

## Technical Specs

The API was built using Rails V. 5.0.4

It uses a PostgreSQL database.

The test suite was built using [RSpec](http://rspec.info/about/).

## Usage

This root API endpoint can be reached at `https://fps-compatibility-api.herokuapp.com/api/v1`

Detailed instructionscan be found in the documentation:

* [Documentation](doc/documentation.md)

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on [GitHub](https://github.com/achasveachas/compatibility-list-api) or by email to [ykalmenson@fidelitypayment.com](mailto:ykalmenson@fidelitypayment.com). This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The app is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Contact

Yechiel Kalmenson can be contacted by email at [ykalmenson@fidelitypayment.com](mailto:ykalmenson@fidelitypayment.com).

Commit message:

add development info to the readme

README.md, after:

# Compatibility List API

## Overview

This is an API for for tracking gateways/POS systems that are compatible with Fidelity Payment Services.

## Technical Specs

The API was built using Rails V. 5.0.4

It uses a PostgreSQL database.

The test suite was built using [RSpec](http://rspec.info/about/).

## Usage

This root API endpoint can be reached at `https://fps-compatibility-api.herokuapp.com/api/v1`

Detailed instructionscan be found in the documentation:

* [Documentation](doc/documentation.md)

## Development

If you want to play around with the app in a in a developement environment make sure you have Rails installed.

Fork and clone the repository to your local machine and run `bundle install`.

You can fire up the server by running `rails server`.

The test suit can be run by running `rspec`.

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on [GitHub](https://github.com/achasveachas/compatibility-list-api) or by email to [ykalmenson@fidelitypayment.com](mailto:ykalmenson@fidelitypayment.com). This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The app is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Contact

Yechiel Kalmenson can be contacted by email at [ykalmenson@fidelitypayment.com](mailto:ykalmenson@fidelitypayment.com).
